
=head1 NAME

WebService::Simple::ATND - ATND API Wrapper Class

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use WebService::Simple::ATND;

  ### users API ###
  my $query = WebService::Simple::ATND->query_users( %options );

  ### events API ###
  my $query = WebService::Simple::ATND->query_events( %options );

  ### Set Query ###
  $query->add_keyword('perl');
  $query->add_keyword_or(['perl', 'ruby']);
  $query->add_ym('201103');

  ### Access API ###
  my $atnd = WebService::Simple::ATND->new;
  my $res = $atnd->get( $query );

  ### Fetch Infomation

  $res->results_returned;
  $res->results_start;

  my $events = $res->events;
  for my $event ( @$events ) {
    $event->{event_id};
    $event->{title};
    $event->{description};
  }

=head1 NOTE

THIS IS ALPHA QUALITY CODE!

If you found bug, please report by e-mail or twitter(@memememomo).

This module inherits WebService::Simple.

=head1 INSTALL

  $ git clone git@github.com:memememomo/p5-WebService-Simple-ATND.git
  $ cpanm ./WebService-Simple-ATND

=head1 METHODS

=head2 new()

Create an instance of WebService::Simple::ATND

=head2 query_events( %options ) / query_users( %options )

Create query builder. There are two types.

%params are options. And, following are appended.

- count : Number of event data in response. Default is 10.

- start : for pager. Default is 1.

These options are not required.

=head2 get( $query )

Send a http-request to ATND-API.

$query is a query builder created by query_events/query_users methods.

=head1 AUTHOR

memememomo E<lt>memememomo@gmail.comE<gt>

=head1 SEE ALSO

WebService::Simple

http://api.atnd.org/

=head1 LICENSE

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
